Tang Yuanshan, as the eldest son of the Sword Sect
How can you give in so easily?
Qizong little sister
I suggest you surrender
Now the Qizong is appropriately exquisite and the sect master's strength is tyrannical
Once you become the Lord of Shushan
You can open the Sword Emperor's Treasure
You can become an existence like the Sword Emperor a thousand years ago
Now you're at the end of the road
Why hold on
Mo
Unless you still believe in the beggar you picked up
Can you turn the tide?
Little brother, you can either obey your sister
Or don't blame my sister for forcibly tying you up mercilessly
You are an alien after all
general trend
This Shu Mountain was opened by me thousands of years ago
It's also said that you are the foreign surname
Is it him?